So that's how we can use reusable workflows,
but that's not the only thing we can do with them.
Of course, when you use a reusable workflow,
it's not unrealistic to assume
that you also need some data
in that reusable workflow.
For example here,
if we are really deploying code,
if we're uploading code,
then we need that code that should be uploaded.
Now in use reuse YAML,
I'm generating that code with the build step,
and I'm uploading it as a artifact.
Now to get and use,
and eventually upload that code,
I need to download that artifact.
So in reusable YAML,
we could of course add a new step,
where we say get code,
and then here,
we use the download artifact action,
which we also saw in action before in this course.
But we now need to configure this action
and provide the key of the artifact,
which we wanna download.
Now, if you take a look at the other workflow,
we see that the key is a dist-files.
So of course, we can add that here as a name, right?
Well the problem is that
now this workflow isn't really reusable,
we can only use it in other workflows
that do upload artifacts with a key of dist-files,
and that might not always be the case.
We might be using different artifact identifiers
in different workflows,
and whenever we use anything but dist-files,
this workflow would not be usable there,
because here we're only looking for a dist-files artifact.
So instead of hard coding the artifact name here,
this should be dynamic.
It should be resolved with help
of a GitHub Actions expression.
But that of course means that we must get some data
from the workflow that's using this reusable workflow.
We must get the artifact name from that other workflow.
So you can think of that reusable workflow
as a function that's called by the workflow,
that's using that reusable workflow.
Now thankfully, when using the workflow call event
you can add some extra information to it.
For that, you nest it like this,
and now under workflow call here,
we can add the inputs key,
which is a reserved word.
And under inputs,
you can add any inputs
this reusable workflow needs.
For example here,
we could expect to get the artifact name,
and this key is now up to you again,
you can add any inputs you want here.
But here, we need the artifact name,
and then nested under that,
we can add a description
where we could specify what exactly is expected here,
the name of the deployable artifact files, for example.
Then we can add required,
and set this to true or false,
indicating whether this workflow should fail
if we're not getting this input.
If required is false,
then this workflow can be called without providing a value.
If we set it to true,
the value is needed.
And it of course,
depends on what your workflow does,
whether this is required or not,
and you can also provide a default value.
For example, we could set required to false,
so that this workflow can be called
without providing a value for artifact name.
And if we still know that we need that value
later in our steps,
we could add a default value,
like this, so that we assume that if we did not
get any other artifact name,
this is the value that should be used down there.
We also must add a type,
where we specify which kind of value we expect here.
Is it a number, a Boolean,
or as we have it here, a string?
So that's how we can accept an input.
Now to use this input,
we can go down there where we need it,
and here we can use the special inputs context object.
And this is simply another context object
provided by GitHub Actions.
This one.
And this contains the inputs
of a reusable or manually triggered workflow,
as we learn here.
So the other,
that's the context object I'm using here,
and in this context object,
we can access all these inputs we specified here.
So in this case,
.artifact-name gives me the value for this input,
and that's then used here as a name
for the artifact I'm downloading.
Then in the next step,
I can list my files
with the LS command
to check whether downloading the artifact worked.
So that's how we can add such an input.
And therefore, now if we create a new commit,
we can push this,
and see whether this works as expected.
For that, under actions,
of course, a new workflow run was triggered.
And here, we should see that once deploy is reached,
we should be downloading artifacts,
and we should be outputting the content of these artifacts.
However, you'll also notice
that something will not work, as expected.
Here we are in the deploy step,
and it's getting started here,
using that reusable workflow.
But you'll notice that get code fails,
and it fails because it was not able
to find an artifact with the name dist.
Now it's looking for an artifact with the name dist,
because that's our default value here,
and it's using that default
because we're not providing any other value.
And that's the problem we currently have here.
Of course, when we're using our reusable workflow here,
we have to provide a value for that input,
unless we're happy with the default, which is dist,
but I'm not happy with the default here,
because I'm using dist-files.
Sounds similar, but it is different.
Therefore, we add the with key,
just as we do it for actions with uses and with,
but now for this reusable workflow.
And under with,
we provide all the input values
that must be provided.
So in my case here,
I'm expecting an artifact name input.
So that's what I specify here under with.
And now here,
we provide the value we're using, dist-files.
And now with this change made,
this will work as intended,
because now we're providing an input value,
and therefore now when we push this,
this entire workflow that uses the reusable workflow,
will run successfully.
So let's take another look,
and wait until we reach deploy.
Here we go.
The deploy job is starting.
And here, we will see
that now getting the code did succeed.
We were able to list our files.
This is indeed the code which we got,
and therefore the overall job and workflow succeeded,
because now we are passing the required input
to this reusable workflow.